Update component “shell” (#30)
Zywave/booster: src/_areas/application-framework/components/shell.md

---
title: Zywave Shell
subtitle: Defines a Zywave-standard application for consistent design and navigation.
api: https://cdn.zywave.com/@zywave/zywave-shell@next/dist/custom-elements.json
demo: https://cdn.zywave.com/@zywave/zywave-shell@next/demo/index.html
mainComponentName: zywave-shell
includedElements:
  - zywave-shell
---

> Zywave Shell enables applications to have a rich, consistent experience across any application. It builds each subcomponent of [ZUI Shell](/design-system/components/shell) for you, ensuring your users can navigate to anywhere in the Zywave ecosystem. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Zywave Shell enables applications to have a rich, consistent experience across any application. It builds each subcomponent of [ZUI Shell](/design-system/components/shell) for you, ensuring your users can navigate anywhere in the Zywave ecosystem. 
```

Bring your application's contents, and let Zywave Shell do the rest!

## Built-in functionality

### Cross-suite navigation

> Zywave has a large offering of features and web applications for our users. By using ZywaveShell, the side nav, topbar app launcher, and associated help documents are provided for you.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Zywave has a large offering of features and web applications for our users. By using Zywave Shell, the side nav, topbar app launcher, and associated help resources are provided for you.
```
Do you mean associated help links or resources instead of documents?

Author: I like help resources. Was thinking of "documents" in the term of HTML documents (pages). But resources is much better.

> **Note:** If side nav isn't appropriate for your use case, you have the ability to override this feature via the `nav`slot.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Note:** If side nav isn't appropriate for your use case, you have the ability to override this feature via the `nav` slot.
```
Could link to the demo example here, but I'd like to enhance the hashes from #demo-2 to #demo-overrideable-side-nav or something before we start linking demos in guidelines.

> ### Top bar brand

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Topbar brand
```
ZUI has it as one word, so might as well be consistent? 🤷🏻‍♀️

> Promoting an agency's brand is always important for our users, whether they themselves work at that agency or if they are a client of the agency instead. Wherever possible, we want the agency's brand to be promoted over the Zywave brand.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Promoting an agency's brand is always important to our users, whether they work at or are a client of the agency. Wherever possible, we want the agency's brand to be promoted over the Zywave brand.
```

> By using this component, Zywave theming is applied out of the box.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By using Zywave Shell, Zywave theming is applied out of the box.
```

> **Disclaimer:** At the moment of writing this, custom theme for agency users is not applied by default. But, when this does happen, all consumers of Zywave Shell will receive this feature.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Disclaimer:** At the moment, custom theming for agency users is not applied by default. When this does happen, all consumers of Zywave Shell will receive this feature.
```

### User information

> Our users, and who they are, is immensely important for us to understand. Equally as important is for a user to know who they are currently logged in as (or impersonating, for Zywave employees) and what tenant they are associated with.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Our users, and who they are, is immensely important for us to understand. Equally as important is for a user to know who they are currently logged in as (or impersonating as for Zywave employees) and what tenant they are associated with.
```

Reviewer: Not sure about the use of "tenant" for the context of agencies and organizations. I instantly thought of someone who is renting an apartment.

Author: Zywave Auth refers to it as "tenancy". I'd like to be consistent with them.

Reviewer: Ah, had no idea. Carry on.

> Getting this right is difficult; but, lucky for you, you don't need to worry about it. Zywave Shell will retrieve all of the appropriate information about a user (such as name, tenancy information, and notifications) and present it clearly and consistently.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Getting this right is difficult. Thankfully, Zywave Shell will retrieve all of the appropriate information about a user (such as name, tenancy information, and notifications) and present it clearly and consistently.
```

### Support chat

> As our company continues to grow, so, too, does the amount of support we offer to our users. Zywave Shell will provide [Live Chat](/application-framework/components/livechat/) when applicable and make it available in a consistent location.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As our company continues to grow, so does the amount of support we offer to our users. We provide [Live Chat](/application-framework/components/livechat/) support in our applications when applicable and make it available in a consistent location, but only through the use of Zywave Shell.

### Analytics baked in

> Zywave uses a few third party services to analyzer how our users interact with our offerings. This information is immensely important for us, and Zywave Shell will ensure the proper analytics scripts are loaded and configured correctly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Zywave uses a few third-party services to analyze how our users interact with our offerings. This information is immensely important to us so we can provide the best experience possible. Zywave Shell will ensure the proper analytics scripts are loaded and configured correctly.
```

Check out [Zywave Analytics](/application-framework/components/analytics) for more info.

### Footer boilerplate

> Footers are probably boring, and most people rarely notice them. Nevertheless, Zywave Shell will still ensure that a consistent footer is applied to all Zywave properties.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Zywave Shell will ensure that a consistent footer is applied to all Zywave properties.
```

> Should you need to extend the footer with extra legal jargon or disclaimers, you'll want to make use of the `legalese` slot.

Reviewer: We could also include this example in the demos tab

Author: Noted, and can get that in there. ZAPI may need screenshots for its demo outputs...

> **Note:** While Zywave Shell *will* provide the copyright years for you should you forget, it is required that your application supply the `current-year` attribute with the server-side provided year of the current date. Client-side date's are not a reliable source.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Note:** While Zywave Shell *will* provide the copyright years for you as a fallback, it is required that your application supply the `current-year` attribute with the server-side provided year of the current date. Client-side dates are not a reliable source.
```

## Multi-profile support

> Zywave Shell, by default, will support the type of the active profile of the currently authenticated user of your application.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, Zywave Shell will support the active profile type of the currently authenticated user of your application.
```

> If your application can support multiple types of users, that's ok! Shell has a `switch-profile-type-codes` attribute you can use. This instructs shell on how to construct actions for a user to take in order to switch from one profile to another, in the case where they have multiple.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If your application can support multiple types of profiles, you can include them in Zywave Shell's `switch-profile-type-codes` attribute. This instructs Zywave Shell on how to construct actions for a user to take in order to switch from one profile to another, in the case where they have multiple profiles.
```
